Attifunel multiple derivation techniques (#714)
eclipse-score/process_description: process/process_areas/verification/guidance/verification_process_reqs.rst

    A more detailed description of how to link code to requirements looks like is available in the :ref:`verification_template_rust`

.. gd_req:: Multiple derivation techniques in testing
    :id: gd_req__verification_methods_multiple
    :status: valid
    :version: 1
    :tags: prio_1_automation, verification
    :satisfies: wf__verification_unit_test[version==1],
                wf__verification_comp_int_test[version==1],
                wf__verification_feat_int_test[version==1],
                wf__verification_platform_int_test[version==1]
    :complies: std_req__iso26262__support_6432[version==1],
               std_req__aspice_40__SWE-4-BP4[version==1],
               std_req__aspice_40__SWE-5-BP6[version==1],
               std_req__aspice_40__SWE-6-BP4[version==1]

>     Multiple derivation techniques can be used in a single test case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It shall be possible to use multiple derivation techniques as one property within a single test case
```
